So welcome to this section,
which is other AWS list services.
So the idea in this section is that I'm going to give you
an overview of other services that I couldn't group
with the other ones, and they're services
that students did report to me as sometimes
but rarely appearing on your AWS exam.
So I wanna keep this section short.
So the lectures are going to be very short
and brief and most likely without any hands-on, okay?
And there's going to be no summary lecture
at the end of this section, so I can keep things flexible
and keep on adding services to the section
in case I hear feedback from students.
It's going to be very easy.
It's one service and one definition, so don't stress
if you don't understand the service directly.
Just remember the definition,
and you should be all set for your exam.
So that it.
Hope you like this lecture,
and I will see you in the next lecture.